Bump npm version to v0.4.0 (#562)
TrustWallet/wallet-core: js/README.md

HDWallet.create(128);
//=> "army cook device assault vendor case coast rose dismiss lady dust point!"
```

## Documentation

### Platforms

`trust-wallet-core` only supports `macOS/OSX` at the moment. `Linux` and `Windows` support is forthcoming.

### Bindings

-   This project uses [`node-addon-api`](https://github.com/nodejs/node-addon-api) to interface with `wallet-core` [C headers]((https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core/tree/master/include/TrustWalletCore)). 
-   The `node-addon-api` functions are wrapped in TypeScript that is then used to generate a JavaScript module with type definitions.

### Memory management

-   Please note that memory allocated with C/C++ is released once there are no references to the JavaScript object, then Node.js garbage collector will try to release it from memory.

## Other Resources

-   For general [`TrustWallet/wallet-core`](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core) documentation, please refer to [GitBooks](https://developer.trustwallet.com/wallet-core).

> -   For documentation on specific modules that are avaiable, please refer to [`TrustWallet/wallet-core`](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core) [exposed C headers](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core/tree/master/include/TrustWalletCore).

Reviewer: typo? avaiable -> available

HDWallet.create(128);
//=> "army cook device assault vendor case coast rose dismiss lady dust point!"
```

## Documentation

### Platforms

> `trust-wallet-core` only supports `macOS/OSX` at the moment. `Linux` and `Windows` support is forthcoming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`trust-wallet-core` only supports `macOS/OSX` at the moment. `Linux` and `Windows` support are forthcoming.
```

Author: The use of `is` is correct here since the `support` (singular) is what is forthcoming.

Reviewer: 👍

### Bindings
- This project uses [`node-addon-api`](https://github.com/nodejs/node-addon-api) to interface with `wallet-core` [C headers]((https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core/tree/master/include/TrustWalletCore)). 
- The `node-addon-api` functions are wrapped in TypeScript that is then used to generate a JavaScript module with type definitions.

### Memory management

> - Please note that memory allocated with C/C++ is released once there are no references to the JavaScript object and the Node.js garbage collector tries to release it from memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please note that memory allocated with C/C++ is released once there are no references to the JavaScript object, then Node.js garbage collector will try to release it from memory.
```

## Other Resources

> - For general [`TrustWallet/wallet-core`](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core) documentation refer to [GitBooks](https://developer.trustwallet.com/wallet-core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For general [`TrustWallet/wallet-core`](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core) documentation, please refer to [GitBooks](https://developer.trustwallet.com/wallet-core).
```

> - For documentation on specific modules that are avaiable. Please refer to [`TrustWallet/wallet-core`](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core) [exposed C headers](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core/tree/master/include/TrustWalletCore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For documentation on specific modules that are available, please refer to [`TrustWallet/wallet-core`](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core) [exposed C headers](https://github.com/TrustWallet/wallet-core/tree/master/include/TrustWalletCore).
```
